Add Spring Boot migration course lab guides (#397)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: docs/hands-on-learning/spring-boot-migration/module-4-java17-and-smoke-test.md

<!-- TODO: Can we do a better job here of explaining what this visualization shows and why Java 17 is the right target? It looks like the biggest chunks are actually from the Spring Boot migration recipes? -->

This view makes the migration composition explicit and shows why you should raise the water line across the org before attempting Spring Boot 4 in waves.

## Exercise 4-2: Upgrade to Java 17

### Goals for this exercise

* Upgrade all repos to Java 17
* Build and commit the changes

### Steps

#### Step 1: Run the Java 17 recipe

Spring Boot 4 requires Java 17 or higher. Upgrading Java first narrows the change surface and makes the Spring Boot upgrade easier to reason about. Run the `Migrate to Java 17` recipe from the command line and apply the changes:

```bash
mod run $WORKSPACE --recipe org.openrewrite.java.migrate.UpgradeToJava17
mod git apply $WORKSPACE --last-recipe-run
```

<!-- TODO: Confirm this step with a clean runthrough. I got no changes here but I think that's because it was using the older code that had the updated Java versions. -->

:::note

> Spring Boot 2.7 predates Java 25. If you try `org.openrewrite.java.migrate.UpgradeToJava25` at this stage, you will likely hit class file compatibility issues. That is expected and a useful reminder to step through intermediate baselines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spring Boot 2.7 doesn't support Java 25. If you try `UpgradeToJava25` at this stage, you'll hit compatibility issues. That is expected and a useful reminder to step through intermediate baselines.
```

> Spring Boot 2.7 predates Java 25. If you try `org.openrewrite.java.migrate.UpgradeToJava25` at this stage, you will likely hit class file compatibility issues. That is expected and a useful reminder to step through intermediate baselines.

Reviewer 2: That's not true, you can run Spring Boot 2.7 Appliations with JDK 25 and even with source level Java 25. As long as the needed dependencies are updates as well. In our case for java8 to 11 the removal of most `javax.*` namespaces from the standard distribution, so an additional dependency is needed.

:::

#### Step 2: Build and commit

Now that the changes have been applied, commit the code and rebuild your LSTs:

```bash
$WORKSHOP/build.sh
mod git add $WORKSPACE --last-recipe-run
mod git commit $WORKSPACE -m "Upgrade to Java 17" --last-recipe-run
mod build $WORKSPACE
```

<details>
<summary>Reference output</summary>

<!-- TODO: Paste reference output -->

</details>

## Exercise 4-3: Run a Spring Boot 4 smoke test

### Goals for this exercise

* Run the Spring Boot 4 upgrade recipe
* Identify the first wave of blockers
* Restore the workspace to the last known good state

### Steps

Now that the portfolio is on Java 17, you can run another quick smoke test to see how far the Spring Boot 4 upgrade gets after the baselining work. You still aren't trying to finish the upgrade yet, just looking for the narrower set of specific failures so you can plan the fixes and build the right composite recipe.

#### Step 1: Run the upgrade recipe

> In Module 1, you ran the recipe in the platform and used the `Verify compilation` recipe to check for build failures. Now, you can run the Spring Boot 4 Upgrade recipe by itself with the CLI and verify the build directly to isolate any remaining obstacles that may require custom fixes. First, run the recipe and apply the changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Module 1, you ran the recipe in the platform and used the `Verify compilation` recipe to check for build failures. Now, you can run the Spring Boot 4 Upgrade recipe by itself with the CLI and verify the build directly to isolate any remaining obstacles that may require custom fixes. 

First, run the recipe and apply the changes:
```
